---
layout: recruiting
title: Free Strategy Call
permalink: /strategy-call/
---

<div class="recruiting-page"><h1 class="join-us">Free Business Planning Call</h1><h5 class="join-us-subtitle">Are you an estate agent looking to build a successful business?</h5><p>Do you think you would benefit from having a clear strategy and a business model to do so?</p><p>I will speak with you one-on-one to help you write a business plan you can implement immediately to generate leads, listings and sales.</p><p>I&rsquo;I know how challenging it can be to build a successful career in the property industry as well as sticking to a consistent business plan.</p><p>Quite often you are up against discounted fees from competing agents, however there are many ways to get new clients and standing out from the crowd is easier than you might think.</p><p>My name is Ben Taylor and I have sold many homes throughout my 25 years career in estate agency.</p><p>Before joining Keller Williams as Managing Director in March 2017, I was Managing Director of John D Wood & Co, an estate agency with over 30 branches across London and the South East. My 'why' is very simple...'to help people think in a way that gets them what they want, when they want it'. 
</p><!--base32-41xja839dthprxb4cmg76x3jc5u6atvt5nr6gvvmdxtjwu3mdnp209bx40-base32--><p>I have spent 25 years helping individuals develop self-belief and nurture talent to transform the performance of their business. I started as an agent and was running an office by the age of 21, quickly moving to look after a small but significant region.</p><p>From being appointed Managing Director at 30, I have led over 10 different businesses in the South East, focusing on London and Prime for much of the last decade. My focus is on building extraordinary culture, vision and lasting success through and with people.</p><p>I want to help you build a business which will lead to having a life worth living and a legacy worth leaving.</p><p>We will agree your goals and find your ‘why’ for becoming an estate agent. Once I understand how you like to do business that’s authentic to you (referral, prospecting, marketing, events, etc), I will help you write a business plan tailored just for you.</p><p>I am happy to offer my insight on what I would do in your situation to build an incredible estate agency business.</p><p>I will also share with you what the agents at Keller Williams are doing to generate more leads, instructions and ultimately more sales.</p><p>You will walk away with a plan of action, with specific steps you can take immediately, to find and cultivate clients for life.</p><hr /><div class="qanda"><p class="section-title">Here&rsquo;s what a few agents say about working with me&hellip;</p><p><span class="quote"></span><br /><span class="author"></span></p><p><span class="quote"></span><br /><span class="author"></span></p><p><span class="quote"></span><br /><span class="author"></span></p></div><hr /><p>You don&rsquo;t need to pay a bunch of money to a real estate coach.</p><p>Why am I offering this?</p><p>I will help you for free in return that perhaps, over the long term – and only if it makes sense - you would like to find out more about becoming a Keller Williams associate. We are the most progressive, successful real estate company in the world. It is also the worlds number 1 training company as voted for by Training Magazine and now Forbes rate us as the 3rd best company to work for if you wish to be happy!</p><p>However, I assure you that is not the intent of the call. That’s another conversation and only if you have any interest.</p><p>I invite you to request a free one-on-one business strategy call with me. We can speak via video conferencing or if it’s more convenient, we can meet in person.</p><p><strong>To start with, I would like to find out more about you so that when we meet, I’m prepared to offer you specific advice.  When you request a call, you will receive a questionnaire to complete via email. Please complete and return to me prior to our speaking.</strong>I look forward to helping you grow your business with you.</p><p>Regards,</p><p>{{site.data.settings.client.name}}</p><h1 class="join-us">Request a FREE One-on-one Business Planning Meeting</h1><h5 class="join-us-subtitle">Enter your contact information to schedule your time.</h5><form method="post" class="home-value cta-forms" action="http://formspree.io/{{site.data.settings.client.email}}" onsubmit="return setReturn()"><fieldset><label for="name">Name*</label> <input type="text" required="" name="name" /> <label for="phone">Phone Number </label> <input type="tel" name="phone" /> <label for="email">Email*</label> <input type="text" required="" name="email" /> <label for="company">Company </label> <input type="text" name="company" /> <label for="city">City </label> <input type="text" name="city" /> <label for="state">State </label> <input type="text" name="state" /> <label for="message">How May I Help You?* </label><textarea name="message" required=""></textarea> <input class="submit light-light" type="submit" value="Apply Now" name="submitrecruitingForm" /> <span class="asterisk">*required</span></fieldset><div class="hidden"><input type="hidden" value="{{site.data.settings.client.email}}" name="_to" /> <input type="hidden" value="Recruiting Contact Request Message From Your Vyral Careers and Training Video Blog" name="_subject" /> <input type="text" name="_gotcha" /></div></form></div>